Reviews

Below our customer reviews for my  miniCycle web application, keep in mind that I already addressed many of the concerns and these reviews for example, there was some music confusion about the different ways to interact with my application. Therefore, I created different modes and also I created mode descriptions so users can easily see the differences between them. Also, there was contrast issues which I directly addressed and different themes and also there was confusion about swiping so I added navigation dots also for notifications. I made it so that when you put your mouse hovering over it, it will last longer that is an addition to other adjustments I made by direct feedback from Fiverr users. These reviews are from Fiverr .

Review

okay this would be a first impression review of a task cycle app let's jump into it and begin so this is the url you submitted but i just curious to check out the netfly app page anyways for the splash page over here just briefly i'd have it be task cycle and then like a quick like one liner describing what the app is all about sort of like how you described in your message which i do have right here We talk about how it's like same list can be reused repeatedly, like it's a unique concept, like that kind of like language, something like that, like a quick pithy one sentence description. And then I would prefer if it was two buttons right here personally. Just broadly speaking, I see like create new task cycle and then mini cycle to do list. Like what's the difference? Like what's a task cycle? What's a mini cycle? And then there's load and open. That feels like the same thing. Personally, as an Inviser, I would want like two buttons, either start new task cycle, like start or open. You know, and I click on start. And away I go. So it onboards me, create your task cycle. There you go. And then open. Then if it's saved with an account or it's saved into the web browser, whatever, click on open. Then it can open a specific task cycle I had before. So however that works on the back end. Okay, so this works by me clicking on this right here, the mini cycle, then this page opens up over here. And this looks good overall. So welcome to Task Cycle Mini. Mini cycle helps you manage tasks with a powerful reset system. This is the kind of language I'm talking about over here, like that should be over here. So the user just clicks on this like start or create or whatever, then boom, opens up right here. Create your task cycle language like that would prefer as well. Just like as I'm onboarding to the site over here. Anyways, let me click on next over there and tasks. Okay, tasks reset automatically. If auto reset is enabled and track your progress to on and unlock themes. Okay, so there's a little bit of gamification built in. Let me click on next right there. On mobile, do that. Long press, do this. Yeah, this nice quick little onboarding process right here. So I quite like it. Looks good. So on mobile, long press tasks, open the menu. Long press and move, rearrange tasks, and swipe left and right. All right, so let me go over here. So use tasks. Okay, so I can't... reorder tasks uh okay it's just like how to reorder the task that's fine click over there to start all right so gives me a nice little onboarding process over here uh i would prefer okay so welcome to task cycle mini tap a task to check it off and then when all your tasks are done your cycle resets okay so let me click over here and so the cycle is reset okay cycle completes uh that's okay i mean for because the cycle completes okay so the way i'm getting this is that the cycle completes then i would prefer it to go away like the whole little screen right here to go away and prompt me to create a new cycle or open a new cycle or something like that. And then it's saved because you touched on that over here. So I would have to like manually click over here to, what was that? To like delete checked tasks to complete. So like that's why it's nice because I could build out like maybe something I want to do on a weekly basis. It just saves it. That's what I'd want. Anyways, so let me click over here. All right, so I clicked on that. I'd want to, all right, so how do I, I clicked on complete. That's what, once I clicked on complete, I'd like it to all kind of start over. Like I want to begin a new, because if I click over here, the other thing too, it's like with the add button, I don't like that it's like enter a task then click add. I'd prefer like a complete add button. I just click a button right there, light box appears, and then I fill out the information. That makes any sense? So that's how I'd like that to be. Because I just want to click on that, and that's how I want that process to be. Not a big deal that I have to type the 10th task in here. me logically makes more sense click a bit add click a big add button light box comes here then i can enter in tasks or multiple tasks right there okay so how do i start over if i want to like i don't want this getting started like how do i get rid of this getting started thing over here so let me click over here create new and then enter a name for the new mini cycle All right, not bad. That's not as intuitive though. It's okay for me to click the menu item over there and to create new. Again, once the cycle completes, it should just have a box over here like create new cycle, open cycle. Just have a visual menu, two things to click on right here after the end user completes the cycle. All right. Anyways, let me click over here. Let's create a new cycle. And we'll just do, I'll just call it like weekly, like we're doing weekly tasks. So I click over here for okay. Enter a task. Yeah, I'd much prefer a button right there, add. Anyways, okay. Sunday, gym. All right, all right, good. Then once I have this over here, ah, okay, so I can click to complete it. I didn't mean to do that. What's that? So that's a, oh, okay, so that enables a priority, all right. Then that edits it, yep, and then that can delete it. Oh, okay, that deletes the, yeah, that's super simple and easy. All right, so we'll have Sunday gym, Monday video work, and then, Tuesday, emails, and we'll just do Wednesday, I don't know, we'll do Wednesday report writing. We'll just add that right there. Okay, so now that I have this set up here, it's also a little odd because this white bar right here, I feel like I want to scroll down. That's what I feel like. I want to just move it down just a little bit, but I can't. Anyways, so... Maybe go with like a different color, like this light blue color or like that pastel blue color that you have there. That could be like that white bar right there, be that color. Anyways, let me click over here. This is fine over here with the stats and whatnot and the gamification over here. It's not clear about how I get to 525 over there. So cycles completed. Only four more cycles to unlock. Dark ocean. Okay. Okay, so I like that gamification. So... all right so anyways so i got this set up over here and is this saved as weekly so let me click over here create new and we'll create um i'll call this like one time we'll just literally call this maybe to do all right and then the to-do list would be uh right? Script for, we'll just say video and we'll see it. We'll say go running on Friday. Click over here to add. All right, so I got these two set up. Now, how do I load the previous one? I would click over here to open what I had previously had. Yeah, that's fine over here. I like that I have weekly and to-do. I want to get rid of this get started though. So to me, this is not intuitive about how I would remove this. Okay, I would just do that. I like that I can preview it right there. So let me click on that. Are you sure you want to delete getting started? This action cannot be undone. Yep, let me get rid of that. Looks great. So let me go ahead and open over here. Let's go over here to weekly. We'll go ahead and open that. Yeah, very good. I like that. So I can switch between the things that I want. Quick to do as well. So that one little feature alone. I quite like that. That's very helpful because I this is how I structure my kind of workflow as well. But like it's simple to do. I literally use the Microsoft to do with that's built in here. So I do something similar. So it would be nice to like have something that's like. repeatable list that kind of has to be done every single week and then just a one-off like to do list structure so anyways got the auto reset over here so I noticed that with the you just open up that again so I click over here didn't didn't and then I click on complete okay okay then what's the point of the complete button What I'd rather just do is like click here, here, here, here, and then let me click the complete button. That would be more, I don't know, that'd be a little bit more satisfying. Give that, you know, and then have like a little animation, like something pop up, like a balloon popper. you know, confetti or something like that. Like, yay, you completed your weekly task again, whatever. So let the user just boom, boom, boom, boom, click through everything and away I go. And then again, like I said, once I click on the complete button, like confetti pops up, good job. I don't know, maybe that's corny, but something like that. And then I'm back to like new task or load or something like that. That's how I'd like the structure to be. anyways so I'm clicking over here and I'll make this one like a priority and that's a priority and let's go ahead and edit this call it writings okay task rename to that looks good and so once i take auto reset off then these should disappear so let me go ahead and do that with the to-do list over here and i'm going to open that all right we'll mark that as the priority that's complete okay now we'll take that off auto reset So now that auto reset is off, I have the option to, which you mentioned over here, I have the option to check delete, check tasks after complete. So what if I don't have that? If I click over here to complete. Oh, okay. So... All right. That's a little strange. That's all that. Like if I turn auto reset off, then they should just disappear. It's a little odd. I have to click that. Then deleted, checked tasks will be deleted. So let me click over here and then click on that. Complete. OK, click on that and complete. OK, so there we go. So that's fine over there. Alright and cycles completed over here milestone rewards only three more cycles to unlock. All right Click on that All right, so let me open on a, actually let me click cancel. And I have the undo over here. Redo, undo, undo. Oh, very helpful. Super helpful that I have that little option right there to go back if I make a mistake in some way. So create new copy. What does that mean? Enter a new name to save this mini cycle as. Okay, so to-do list. Click okay over there. Many cycles copied as to-do list. So does that create literally another copy where I have over here? No. Okay. Oh, I see. Okay. Yes, it does. That's exactly what it does. Just creates another copy that I can then edit and adjust as needed. That's how I would approach that. So I'd create a copy over here. Like if I had a to-do list of like 10 items, I want to click over here to just edit it. Maybe it's like a one-time task list, that type of thing. Anyways, let me click over here. example we'll just type in a little world right there Hello. And then hello again. Click over there. OK. So we have auto reset is on by default. We'll turn that off. All right. And we'll click over here. Complete. And then we'll click on complete over there. OK. And so only five more cycles to unlock. So now I'm confused, like how do I unlock this? So only five more cycles to unlock. Task complete, completed tasks. And then like five more cycles to unlock. Like what other cycle do I need to be doing over here? So the gamification thing is throwing me off just a little bit. Because I'm clicking over here. And for that task, that goes by... I would want this to be, I'd also want the analytics to be per task cycle as well as tasks. Cause we have two tasks right there. And so I've created three tasks for me. Like that's the way I'm reading this. I'm reading as like task cycles. So total tasks in that one I just had over here was two, which were completed. So let me click over here for create new. Okay. We'll just do five. Create new. Oh, okay. So I... Oh, okay. All right, this is another little thing. So if the user's over here, they click on Create New, it doesn't switch to screen over here. So that could be a little bit confusing. Not a big deal. Anyways, just put in 1... 2... 3... 4... 5... And let's say six. Okay. So for me, we have six tasks, only five more cycles to unlock. All right. So click over here, here, here, here, complete. And then here, complete. All right. Cycle completes. All right. And that deleted because... So why did that delete though? Now I'm confused because the auto reset is on. And then I'm over here. Four more cycles to unlock. Okay. So let me go ahead and open. And then... Oh, the other thing I'm confused by is I see this weekly. And then I see... All right. So these are... ah okay all right i like that okay so that's really helpful because if i look over here and i want to open i like that the cycles are marked with the arrows going in a circle and the lists are over here or with like a check board so let me click over here for that and then click over here completes and then those go away. Yeah. And then I click over here to open again and then open. Ah, okay. Hmm. Because the to do list is all right. Hmm. All right. So I'm just thinking because like as a to do list over here is kind of a temporary thing. Why is it still over here? So if I click over here and click on open, it just opens up to a thing that's completely blank. I mean, that's kind of helpful because if I always want to navigate back to this, then add in, manually add in new tasks for the new week coming up, that's helpful. I could just be a little bit confusing over here for the end visitor where they just want to create like a to-do list and then go through everything, click on complete, and then it's gone. But that might be a mistake. It might be a little bit more helpful just to maintain it over here. Then, for example, I can open up this again, click on to-do, and I can undo the list right there and see what I wrote previously. Anyways, so let me... The other thing I'd want to be able to do is, like, when I click over here, how do I, like, I want to click on that. I got to manually do all that. So I got to manually delete that, manually delete this, and delete this one. Okay. All right. So once I'm over here, I want to download Minicycle. Click over here to download. All right. And we got that file right there. OK, looks good. And that's helpful because maybe I want to send that to my phone or something like that for some whatever reason. It's nice. I have the ability to download that. Let me click over here. I want to click on the logo to navigate back. I'd also want to click on the logo just to navigate back to like the home page or navigate back over here to the fly. app page so the task cycle this over here i want to click on this logo kind of navigate back to like a base home page where it's like task cycle do this that the other thing quick easy click here to learn more quicker to learn how whatever button button away i go all right so let me click over here to import a cycle let me click on that And yeah, great. So like once I import it, it automatically loads over here. Great. Click on complete. Very nice. And let me go over here to the user manual. Looks good. And yeah, no issues over here. So very easy. Would be helpful if you could add a video at some point in time. Again, it doesn't need to be too long. There's nothing really too complicated to talk about, obviously, but it could be like a one minute video and otherwise very easy. Anyways, a lightweight task manager designed to help you track tasks quickly and easily. Yep. Very nice. We'll go over here back to that. And yeah, it would be nice as if when it's ready to be an app, I could download and add to my desktop on my laptop. Cause I use it. I personally use notion and I use it to do list on my laptop and, more than I use on my phone personally. Like my phone, I'll jot notes down, but like my to-do list and Notion I use on my laptop strictly speaking. So anyways, let me click over here and let's see user feedback. Let me click on settings. All right. So show arrows, show three dots. This is fine. Reset onboarding. Click over here. All right. So let's go back to the app. And we'll click on this again and yep. Okay. It looks good. And then back up all mini cycles, restore factory resets. Okay. I'm confused by factory reset because to me it's like clicking factory reset is again, the same thing as a reset the onboarding process. Or am I wrong? Let me click on factory reset. How is this different? Oh, okay. So just literally just reset. All right, factor. I get it. Because I would clear. Let me click on cancel. Click on that. Next. Starts. Okay. Let me go over here to settings. I would click on reset onboarding with the intention of factory reset personally. So, just need one reset button, personally. Anyways, backup, restore, that's fine. Reset recurring default, reset notification position. What's that? Okay, that's fine. Over here, the gamification thing, I would like to see how do I reach that to unlock new things. Otherwise, looks good. Let me click over here to skip. and it writes and yeah looks good overall let me click over here just make sure i didn't miss anything else and let me open up your message so i did all of this right there yep fine okay wait due dates can now be added to tasks this option only appears when auto reset is off so auto reset is off click over here click on that oh i see that is not intuitive personally so let me click over here to add see this is why like an add button with the white box would appear we make a lot more sense so it'd be like I don't know flight to Columbia click over here add and it just yeah see it added here then I have to manually do that so What would be helpful actually is if there was a way where I'm creating a task and I have the option immediately to choose, is this going to be like a task cycle and that's how you brand it, task cycle being a thing that repeats every week, or is this like a to-do list? If it's like a to-do list, then the user clicks over here, they click on Add, and then they just enter in the task name and then the date. And that's it. Super simple like that. Then the user clicks on Complete, and everything auto-deletes. you know that type of thing over here boom so to do this user clicks complete it's removed from the to-do list and then there's the undo button if the user ever wants to go back then the task cycle is the thing that like repeats every week or whatever the end user needs then they can navigate over here via the open function to get their task cycles over here, kind of separate to where these are your lists. And then you have your task cycles and that's kind of two separate things, but kind of covered in one tool, which is quite helpful where you can kind of choose between which one you're using but the date thing is totally fine again just as part of the uh like i let me choose like when i'm over here on the home page i'm choosing like mini task cycle or whatever i'm building a task cycle if i want to create a to-do list that could be another option some i can present in a different way then i'm going through the process of like clicking over here white box appears add a task and also gives me a date if I want I can just ignore the date if it's not important like like a flight somewhere would be important but maybe I'm just doing something else that's like a weekly thing that's the dates not necessarily that important let me see if there's anything else reminders notifications enable reminders okay update me once every minutes let me click over here. The other thing I would have a question is like, how do the notifications work? Like I would want that to work via an app. So it's like an app that I downloaded and then like a little thing, like something pops up or just noise or something like that to indicate that, that I should pay attention to something like that. That's what I'd want with reminders and notifications, not necessarily push notifications within a web browser. anyways so import clear touch on all these other things right there click over here for themes click on dark mode ocean mode dark ocean mode okay and check off that all right looks good overall anyways that's it for this review thank you very much and have a good day

New

This is another review from someone who was doing a video and this is the transcript 0:01 Hi, thank you so much for your order. Today, I’m going to be examining your web app and identifying any possible user experience issues alongside any other general areas for improvement.
0:15 For this test, I’m going to be using a 14-inch laptop screen with a 16x9 ratio on the Chrome browser, and I’ll also cross-test this with my ultra-wide monitor.
0:26 Following my examination on desktop, I’ll then move on to mobile device where I will continue testing and ensure that the web app is responsive.
0:41 So as you can see, I’ve just opened the website link that I was sent. I can see that it says this is a free web app that helps users manage repeatable workflows using a unique auto reset task list.
0:58 I’m not actually quite sure how to imagine this or what this will entail so I am approaching this job as a completely new user without much understanding of what this will actually provide the user with experience wise.
1:19 So despite this I’m really pleased to see that we do have a pop-up here with a welcome message and it looks like this would will be onboarding me and helping me get accustomed to the web app despite not having any prior knowledge of it.
1:38 So here it says mini-cycle helps you manage tasks with a powerful reset system. So I’m going to continue through this onboarding process, please to see that you still included the option to skip this step as well.
1:57 And we’ve also got the option to go backwards and forwards, which is a key heuristic principle within user experience design, so that’s great to see that you’ve included that.
2:11 So add tasks using the input box, tasks reset automatically if auto reset is enabled and track your progress and unlock themes.
2:22 Okay, this really seems straightforward and easy to understand, I probably just removed the bullet points here just because the emerges are kind of working as illustrative bullet point themselves so I just don’t feel like these bullet points here are very necessary and then again here I’ll just help
2:44 create a cleaner design. Okay so I’ve got some mobile specific instructions here. Maybe you could use this cog icon here to represent that they need to use the settings if they’re on an older phone here.
3:06 Welcome back to this one, I use my mobile to examine the web app so I’m just starting on desktop to begin with.
3:20 So now that I’m on the main screen it looks like here we’ve got this getting started list which I’m guessing is just the actual task list that the user will use to add their own task.
3:34 But this is kind of just demonstrating how to use it I think because we can tap to check off each of these here as well.
3:52 I’m guessing this means to edit this means to delete. I’m not quite sure what these two out, maybe that’s to do with the priority of a task.
4:02 And this one perhaps to do with like the the day or the deadline, I’m not quite sure, but that’s what I would guess from looking at these icons intuitively.
4:15 But what you could consider adding is like some tool tips. So when they hover over these, maybe a small little bit of text could appear to just explain to the user what each of these icons mean.
4:30 Although these are very intuitive, I don’t think you would need to do that here. And here I’m guessing this is priority and the deadline of the task.
4:43 I’m just going to go ahead and complete. Okay, so it does just automatically reset like that. I think maybe as well it would be nice like as you’ve completed it a big tip mark appears but it’s quite quick maybe have that animation less as a second or two longer just to really like let the user understand
5:15 that the the task that their entire I don’t know what you would call this like a task she has been completed or what would also be really nice is like a confetti emergency a lot of applications often use like a confetti emergency when someone completes a sign-up process or completes some other process
5:42 within that app and using the confetti emoji, sorry not emoji but like a confetti animation, it can really help create that sense of celebration and satisfaction in the uses completing of something and I know a lot to do with like a to-do list or task list is that satisfaction that you get from ticking
6:09 each task off and then just having them at the end of the day like a small celebration for it being all completed.
6:20 I think that would just make it just that a little bit more satisfying when the user does complete the entire list if that makes sense.
6:30 Oh, it says here, okay, so I’m guessing I must have done, it’s gone now, I usually, if a message appears, if you hover over it, it should hopefully stay there so the user has chance to read it.
6:45 It looks like I unlocked a theme there, so I’m guessing I managed to complete the requirements for my first reward on the app.
6:58 But unfortunately, the message disappeared before I could fully read it. It would be useful if it could appear for a little bit longer or have the user the option to close it.
7:13 I’m not sure if there was a close icon there, but either way it wasn’t remaining despite me hovering over the message.
7:20 And again, I think that would also lean into that psychology of satisfaction, if instead maybe you just had a pop-up appear on the full screen just to say, you know, congratulations you’ve unlocked your first reward and then tell them what the reward is and where they can find it.
7:41 And I think that would just help again with that idea of satisfaction and reward, which help users want to continue using the app because they think oh wow I’ve got my first reward and what else can I do to end some some other rewards.
8:00 If it happens too quickly I don’t think it’s going to be as satisfying or if they don’t get chance to actually read what they’ve been awarded.
8:11 So before I continue testing with this I’m presuming I can just find it in themes I’m pretty sure it said theme oh yeah dark ocean theme I read the text but it was just really fast so I wasn’t 100% sure I just wasn’t 100% sure if it was a theme but yeah it was.
8:43 I think it would be nice as well if there was the option or like a place where the user can see what the requirements are to continue progressing and earn in more themes or will look at several words within the web app because it gives them something to work towards I also think it would be beneficial
9:14 as well, just to have the, maybe the auto reset switch on the main dashboard, so it’s easy for users to turn on and off or easy for users to see and understand as soon as they come to the app, because to me this highlights a menu like a place where I would be able to explore other areas of the app but
9:47 actually I think this better represents maybe more like settings. I guess these are more like in-depth settings but I think this would be something that would be more intuitive to have maybe somewhere on the the main interface.
10:05 I’m also just wondering as well what these arrows are for here and here. This is to undo, undo, redo. But then I can tick and untick, so I’m just questioning the purpose of these.
10:22 And if these are like undo and redo, I would change the arrows to represent this. To me, this looks like a back button like to to leave this area and go somewhere else because it’s a straight arrow actually if I have a wherever it does have a tooltip to tell me undo which is great but I would just switch
10:43 this arrow for an undo arrow so an undo arrow is kind of like bent like this undo and redo and I think that will better intuitively represent what the purpose of these arrows are for I’m just going to see what this one does.
11:03 Okay, so this is where I can actually find my stats. So my rewards, this is what I was looking for earlier and I thought it would be in here, but it’s actually not.
11:18 I think I would change this arrow to, It’s pointing left now. originally I think it was pointing right when I clicked on it, but I think I would change this arrow to like maybe you could have like a trophy icon or something to better represent this section or start some rewards.
11:52 I think these arrows are the wrong way around because I feel like this one is pointing left like there’s content to the left and this one’s pointing to the right, but yeah I would maybe just consider changing it to what this one could be when we’re on this screen it could be like a clipboard icon to
12:15 represent like the the task area and this could be like a trophy icon or a stats icon like like a chart so that users know when they click on that it will take them to like for example here the stats and there were there were awards and the badges that they have earned.
12:52 Okay so I can see I’ve completed six cycles. At first I was a little bit confused about the stats but for example the test here it says total tasks three.
13:07 So I’m guessing that’s just the three that I’ve got here and then tasks completed tasks, zero. I’m not quite sure what happened there.
13:23 Okay, now it says one. Okay, so this is meant to represent like the current task flow or task cycle that I’m working through.
13:37 It wasn’t clear at first and I had all three ticked and it said zero so I think it was just something wrong with it there but yeah it seems to be working fine now.
13:50 And I’ve got clear indication that I need to complete the cycles 43 more times so that I can access the next theme.
14:02 It now looks like the bar at the bottom which was originally just why it’s perhaps indicating a progress bar. I thought as well that this was meant to be like a progress bar to represent how far I am to earn in the next reward but I’ve only completed seven cycles and there’s 43 so this shouldn’t be anywhere
14:29 near this full but now I’m thinking that perhaps this progress bar is meant to represent the tasks that have completed.
14:42 So I think this should be moved under here to represent this. Maybe if I go back and I untick one.
14:51 Oh yeah it isn’t meant to be the same progress bar here but that was just a little bit confusing because it’s under this section.
14:59 So I would just remove it from this page because it’s already here to represent the progress on the current task cycle and then we’ve got the stats above which also represent it with a completion percentage rate whereas just having it under here makes me think it’s like how far I’ve got to progress in
15:23 order to get the next reward. So I would either remove this progress bar from this screen or I would change it so that it represents how far I’ve got to get to get the next reward.
15:37 As again, that’s going to help motivate and incentivize users to keep using your app. Okay, so I’m now going to go back to here and test out these areas.
15:51 I think because I’ve taken this one off, the calendar icon disappears, which makes sense if it’s for deadlines, like if I have a specific deadline, but I’m just going to go, it’s disappeared from all of them, but if I remove this, I’m very confused because the calendar icon has disappeared.
16:19 Maybe if I refresh the page. I’m not quite sure why it’s disappeared. Okay so this does represent parity like I thought it did.
16:36 I think it would be nice to maybe enhance the priority a little bit so maybe we can have a medium priority which is orange and then a higher priority which is red so that if a user has quite a long task list and they wanted to prioritize some things more than others then that perhaps would be a nice
16:58 feature to include. I’m just going to continue testing some of the other features. It’s great to see we’ve got a layer of error prevention here so we’re asking the user are they sure they want to delete something and then I can also cancel it.
17:20 Yeah I can see that the messages that appear here do have a cross to close. I don’t know why the reward one was just very quick and I couldn’t actually read it in time but But like I said, it would be far more satisfying to make it more obvious when the user has one something called is getting rewarded
17:47 from the app. So I’m going to edit it as well. It would be nice if perhaps the pop-ups like this could be like branded within the web app as opposed to being like a browser notification.
18:09 I think when it appears as a browser notification initially it can look like an RMSH when it’s not. So I’m just going to add some tasks in here as well just to test this.
18:43 I like that you can press enter as well just to submit something. Yeah I’m not sure why the other icon disappeared but I can see that this has been updated as well with my stats, badges.
19:22 I’m not quite sure. Okay. So these are badges that I get after doing a certain amount of cycles. I wasn’t really sure what the number represented at first but after hovering over I can see, oh wait, unlocked at 25 cycles, unlocked golden glow theme, but I thought it seems like some of these just tell
20:12 you that something is unlocked at 25 cycles but then this one just says that theme is unlocked. So I guess in you don’t always get rewarded you just get like a badge here but on these ones you can also get rewarded.
20:29 So it looks as well that I can also create a new like cycle that can you to do list. So let’s call it new cycle list.
20:45 I’ll just add some points in here now. How do I navigate back to the other one? Does it just delete my entire list?
20:59 Okay, so I can access my original list here. I was a little concerned at first that it had been deleted but yeah it just looks like you can access like a folder full of your different cycles.
21:21 So I’ve just spent some time going through all of these different functionalities and they all seem pretty intuitive. I like that we’ve got this user manual here.
21:30 It just said that the due dates and reminders but I don’t know why it’s just disappeared. There was an icon I think to represent this and it’s just completely disappeared so I don’t know how I set reminders.
21:46 Actually there’s reminders and notifications here but so that’s for the notifications but still the calendar icons disappeared and I don’t know how to get that back but I’m going to open the web app on mobile next in US so I should be able to hopefully see it on there when I first open the app.
22:15 As you can see, I’ve now moved on to my mobile device. This is a OnePlus 10 Pro 5G, and again, I’m using the Chrome browser to assess this web app, and when I first opened, clicked on the link to open the web app, it did actually come up with the notification and it asked me to add the name of the cycle
22:43 but then I’m not sure what happened and then it’s defaulted back to what I was expecting to see which is just the initial on-board in-screen.
22:56 So I’m not sure why that happened but it seems to be working as expected now anyway. So I can see now that I’m on my mobile device, so that everything looks really clean and responsive and I’m just going to go through and continue testing all of the functions and features again and seeing if there’s
23:20 any issues that are individual to the mobile version of the site. I can already see that it doesn’t look obvious as to how I would like look at the stats.
23:41 Maybe in the navigation here. Oh yeah, I remember that was in the instructions to swipe across. I still think that it would be useful to include some sort of signal or sign to mobile users, especially because a lot of users often worked at the time to read and digest their information in the non-border
24:15 process. So I might even skip it all together and try and use something just intuitively, and I think it won’t be clear to some users.
24:25 So you could add some maybe some dots along the bottom to represent like a carousel or a slider so that it indicates to the user that there is more content if they swipe this way or I would still you could still just consider adding a small icon even like in this base here to represent stats or rewards
24:51 so again graphic icon of a graph or a trophy to represent either of these. Just from a social aspect, is there a way to share a task cycle list with someone else?
25:14 For example, maybe you are a friend that also works through the in tasks you do and you want it to share this app with them but have the tasks already written in and created for them.
25:29 It would be useful perhaps if there was a button or just a way to share a specific like cycle. I know you can download and import a cycle but I think it would be just much more efficient and effective if those are way to press the share button and share it with a friend and that will also help entice
25:57 others to use your web app as well. So you can see as well like I know I need to hold down to access the options here.
26:10 Again I don’t know what happened to the calendar icon. It doesn’t seem like I can access or use that anymore.
26:20 So that’s definitely something that’s unclear relating to the app. I’ve also just been testing as well using it without the auto cycle and that works effectively as well and I see what happens as well with deleting and yet it does completely delete them but how do I add them?
26:52 Oh yeah, I add them here. Maybe there could be just a message, let’s just delete this, I’ve got more options here now, so I can actually set a deadline, I don’t know, I really don’t understand why sometimes I can and then can’t with that bit and then there’s this button, what does this do, we We’re carrying
27:22 set, we’re carrying set to daily and definitely go to menu to, the messages disappear too fast, go to the menu to change the settings, okay.
27:41 So I have set it to delete chit-tas after complete which seem to work fine complete complete but yeah what I was saying earlier was to add a message in here if they do that just to say um all tasks uh no tasks uh something like there’s no tasks available into task or something like that, just to indicate
28:10 that they need to add tasks to the list. Tashi empty add tasks above. Okay so I’ve just been sending some more time on the mobile version of the app and just making sure that it works fine.
28:28 I just noticed as well that. When I change to this theme, the undo button at the top of the page is really dark so it’s like a gray color with the start background.
28:44 So the contrast ratio between the arrow and the background is incredibly low. So within accessibility standards this will fail because users with lower vision will not be able to clearly see that so I would make sure that if a user utilizes a different theme to make sure that all elements within that
29:10 different colored theme are accessible to users so making sure that the contrast ratios are high between the colors so that they stand out and are clearly visible for users of all accessibility needs.
29:24 You can use a website called Accessibility in mind and use their contrast checker tool. It’s free and it’ll help you like identify if like a colour combination isn’t, doesn’t work.
29:40 Well, you can see as well that task cycle as well within the logo. You can’t read that as well. So I would make sure to have a negative version of your logo.
29:50 I can see that the like 10 year routine into progress is really clearly visible because it’s white, but the task cycle is in black still, so it’s just very difficult for anyone to read.
30:04 I understand that a logo is not as important for needing to read, but it’s still just important to make sure that all elements on the screen are accessible for all uses, as this is just a fundamental component of user experience design.
30:24 And, yeah, again, I’m not quite sure on the logic between why sometimes I can add a deadline and other times I can.
30:33 I’ve added a completely new cycle sheet and, yeah, it just doesn’t appear that I’m able to do so, which is a little bit confusing.
30:45 But other than that, the majority of the app is very intuitive and simple to use. I really like the idea and the premise of this especially for people that have jobs that require repetitive tasks throughout the day.
31:02 I think this will be really useful for those types of users, and something that would be used frequently. And I also really admire that you’ve gone to the effort of adding a reward system and stats as well, particularly the reward system as it can help, again, incentivize these users to continue using
31:29 your web application. But again I think just adding that element of sharing with friends would be really useful and maybe even like a share button within the menu here like an awesome way where you could say like to define this app useful you know share on social media and you can have those automatic
31:49 share links as well. But yeah overall I think this is a very simple but effective app. If you have any questions in regards to any of the topics that I’ve covered in this video review then please don’t hesitate to contact me and and I’ll be more than happy to help.

0:01 So now the navigation appears to be working again. I’m gonna go ahead and follow the instructions. So, first of all, I need to go to the menu and turn off the auto reset.
0:17 And then enable delete checked tasks on complete or after complete, don’t. Okay, and then on a task, long press on mobile or hover on desktop to open the task options menu and enable recurring for a few tasks.
0:40 I’ve got the few basic ones here, but maybe I’ll just add some extra ones in as well and Okay, so let’s hover over and turn on rear carrying.
0:55 So I’m guessing this is the rear carrying. Yeah, rear carrying, set to daily. I’m going to miss that. Go to menu to change settings.
1:08 Okay, so that’s set. And I’ll just do a few others as well. We’ll just do the bottom three and then it says to refresh the page and confirm the recurring icon appears on those tasks so I’ve refreshed and yeah I can see that it appears on here and yeah so the bottom three so the next step is to go to
1:43 the menu, manage recurring tasks and try and change the settings for one of the recurring tasks. Manage recurring tasks. And it says try changing the settings for one of those recurring tasks.
2:08 At first I thought the only option was to delete but I can see once you’ve actually pressed on one of these.
2:17 It comes up with the option to change the settings. So at the moment this one repeats daily indefinitely. So I can change the setting here to hourly.
2:35 I think I did actually do this on my testing before when I was just clicking around on different things. I remember changing something to hourly at some point.
2:44 but I don’t remember seeing the icon as appear on it, refresh the page. So I’ve just changed it to hourly press apply and then the next step is to disable the delete checked tasks on complete.
3:08 So if I close that disable this and then trigger number seven trigger reset.
3:26 Okay, so I have two options. I’ll just go with the first one which was to turn auto reset back on and then complete all of the tasks.
3:48 So I’ve just gone through and I selected everything and then you can see now that the recurring tests have disappeared as expected after the reset.
4:05 So it seemed to work as expected as you explained earlier that the recurring tests are designed to be automatically deleted when the reset occurs regardless of whether it was an alter a reset or not.
4:23 And then it says that they’ll then reappear based on their schedule. Obviously, I think they were set to, would they daily or weekly, originally.
4:37 And then I changed the settings for one of them to hourly. So I’m guessing in an hour from now, would it just appear automatically back on my test sheet that’s what I think I would expect to happen and then the others, I can’t remember the settings, I’m just going to add and I’ve It confuses to why the
5:18 recurring icon disappears, like, what if I, oh there we go, it was because I didn’t check that, that was my bad.
5:28 I just wanted to double check the settings on this one to see what it repeats daily.
5:41 Okay, I just wanted to see whether it was daily or weekly, I just couldn’t remember because I know I changed this one to hourly, I know this one to hourly and then these are all daily.
5:54 And then I’m guessing, yes, I can see here that I can choose a specific time, I was going to say that like having it happen daily, people probably want it to happen at a specific time if it’s a daily occurrence but I can see that you do actually have the option to do that here but it’s not that obvious
6:34 at first so I think some users might not realise that and maybe the the settings could if the user decides, hold on, that they just want to make edits to any of these, maybe just show the advanced settings straight away just to make it clear that there is an option to do this.
7:01 Okay so I set one to happen daily and I set it for the time from now but I’m guessing and it should have appeared by now but I’m guessing because it was already on today.
7:14 It wouldn’t then appear then till tomorrow. Actually I’m a bit confused if I go to here. Repeats daily indefinitely. Change recurring settings and then it says repeat weekly but I thought repeats daily.
7:35 So shouldn’t this just be set as daily? Why does it say weekly here? Or maybe I’d change that in the settings and it just kept it but didn’t apply it.
7:50 I’m not sure maybe I’m just confusing myself here a little bit but I’m thinking overall perhaps it could be a little bit more intuitive repeats daily indefinitely.
8:03 Change settings yeah this is already set to to daily okay so I think that’s why this one didn’t work, because I had it set to weekly and then I set the specific time.
8:18 And actually I can now see that the next scenarios to do is set in a specific date and time for a recurrence, so I’ll just move on to these instructions next instead of composing myself.
8:30 confusing myself. So first of all I need to open manage recurring tasks from the menu, share advanced options. Yeah this is all I was doing by accident.
8:42 I’ve got a bit ahead of myself I think. Let’s just go with this one because I don’t think I’ve made any edits and then change okay in settings sure yeah sure it we’ve got the advanced options here and then set specific day choose to days day and then check specific time I think this is what I was trying
9:18 to do earlier but I accidentally was on the weekly setting and didn’t realise and then I need it for about two minutes from now so that will be 4.22pm.
9:37 Then apply settings, wait about 30 seconds after the selected time and confirm that the task reappears as scheduled, okay so just to confirm this is test 1 so the settings have been applied.
9:57 I’m now just going to wait and then see if it reappears. Okay, so it’s now being about 30 seconds after the selected time and it’s not reappeared.
10:16 So I’m just going to await till it’s been a full minute past the scheduled time and then I’ll also try refreshing the page as well just in case.
10:32 Okay, so it’s been a full minute, the task hasn’t appeared, so I’m gonna refresh the page. It still hasn’t appeared, and it’s been more than a full minute from the schedule time, so I’m not quite sure what went wrong.
10:50 this is all correct and this yeah it’s been a full minute probably almost two minutes now after this time so I’m not not sure what’s happened why it’s not worked I’m gonna try again with another task and see if if that works so again I’ll just go to here.
11:23 I’ll set test to up. Again, that’s two minutes from now so I’ll see if that works. I’m just going to see if changing the auto reset would that affect anything.
12:11 Okay, so it’s been the exact time and then it did just appear automatic So I’m thinking perhaps it was because I had maybe the auto reset turned on and that’s why test number one Didn’t appear like it was scheduled to That’s the only reason why I can think it didn’t appear But you can see that my second
12:37 test with test two that appeared bang on time and it just appeared automatically. I didn’t have to refresh the page or anything like that and the only difference was that I turned the auto reset off here but I would think that even if the auto reset was on then the tasks that set to be re-recaring should
13:04 continue to still appear. So I think perhaps that was either an error on my side as a user or it was an error on this side if it was supposed to still appear but I think I would expect it would still show the tasks even if the auto reset was turned on if there were specific if there were tasks set to
13:39 specific days and in times okay I’m now on my mobile device I’m just going run through those tests again and make sure that they seem to work fine on mobile and this is the account that I’ve used previously so I’m just going to go from here and again just add some tests in here that I can monitor and
14:23 I’m just going to go through and follow the steps again, so I’m going to turn that off and check that and then on a task I’m going to long hold on this one, turn on the reoccurring option for the bottom three again and then I just need to refresh, try and refresh the page.
14:55 I don’t know if it’s my phone or something. There we go. And yeah, I can confirm that the recurring icons have appeared.
15:06 So now we’re going to go to manage task, oh okay I’m not sure if it’s the theme that I’m using but I can’t actually read the names of the tasks.
15:23 Let me just come out of this. But I’ve changed the mode here, so it might be in to do with the light odd dark mode.
15:38 So it has changed the colour of the text here to light blue but the contrast ratio between the text and the background is extremely lower so users are still going to have difficulty reading the text here, especially if they have a lower vision.
15:55 So there’s definitely some issues with that screen in regards to the theme so yeah you can see I’ve got the dark ocean theme instead of the default one and now we know the default one the text was displaying fine so yeah it’s definitely need to look into the issues here and you can see as well when I
16:24 tap on that the text here is very difficult to read And then I’m just going to change this form to monthly, pressify, press close and then I just need to disable this and then complete and then yeah you can see the three recurring test have disappeared and I’ve got the other two tasks here and then then
17:12 all the step was to manage it in my settings. I’m going to do an advanced setting change on this one, but wait, not that.
17:31 Show it in advance options. Oh yeah, you can see as well, it’s really difficult for me. I just can’t read that all to be honest, but I know what this setting should be this one.
17:44 And then I can set the date. And then I’m going to just want to check something actually I think an issue is as well I’ve been putting in like the 24 hour format instead of just like 6pm like that so that might been an issue as well.
18:35 I can see underneath that it does have the option for the 24 hour clock I think, but yeah that’s all turned off.
18:45 So it should appear in a minute, but I think my natural instinct was to just enter like the 24 hour format.
19:02 Yeah, I’ve just checked and that was the problem with the one of the tests that I did. The reason why it didn’t appear was just simply because I had 1846 AM instead of PM.
19:23 and I had it says use 24 hour format but I’d use the 24 hour format and put PM at the end of it so I think that might have just confused it but it still worked anyway despite putting 1842 and then the PM that still worked and you can see it worked here you can see the test was successful but yeah definitely
19:52 the issue was a user error on my side of things on desktop because I accidentally was using the 24-hour one and I forgot to change the AM to PM in one of the tests.
20:10 But again you can see it’s worked successfully here. I would probably just stick to maybe one format instead of someone accidentally mixing them up so like me putting 1842 and then adding the PM as well just have maybe a drop down so a drop down with the numbers and then the drop down for AM and PM and
20:43 if you have AM and PM then you would only have the numbers going up to 12 whereas otherwise you could just have the 24 o’clock and not include a drop down for AMRPM.
20:57 I hope that makes sense but I think maybe that would just be avoid uses making a similar mistake. Anyway I hope this has given you some insights into how someone would use these settings again with no prior knowledge but just following the instructions in the scenario that I’ve been given.
21:23 If you do make any changes to your app in the future and you’d like some forever feedback then I’ll be more than happy to help.
21:35 You can just give me a message and if you have any questions in regards to any of the topics again that I’ve covered in this video then don’t hesitate to reach out.